---
slug: roadmap
title: Roadmap announcement
date: 2025-03-10T13:00
tags: [releases]
authors: [jan.jagoda, marcin.krasowski]
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

# Roadmap

Open Self Service (O2S) is continuously evolving. Below is an outline of upcoming enhancements and planned features.

<!--truncate-->

## Framework related

### Fixes & improvements
Ongoing refinements to enhance usability, developer experience, and quality of each component based on internal and community feedback.

### Storybook for UI components
We plan to introduce Storybook to document and showcase reusable UI components, making it easier to develop, test, and maintain the frontend.

### Review the approach to testing
We aim to improve code reliability and stability. We will be reviewing the approach to unit/e2e testing in order to cover both frontend and backend components in the future.

## Features & pages

### User context change
Adding support for multi-organization contexts, allowing switching between organizational accounts.

### Knowledge base
A structured, searchable knowledge base to help users find answers quickly, powered by a headless CMS.

### Services & service details page
Service management with a dedicated page displaying available services, their details, and relevant actions.

### User account & settings page
User account management interface, enabling basic profile updates. Good base for adding a more complex settings management interface in the future.

### Case submission screens
Case/ticket submission workflows, ensuring a better self-service experience.

## Integrations

### Search (Algolia)
Adding integration to Algolia to improve search functionality across self-service portal / knowledge base.

### Other integrations
We're currently exploring other potential integrations. We will hopefully reveal a more clear plan soon.

---

:::tip
Stay tuned for updates as we continue expanding O2S!

Feel also free to give feedback and submit your ideas for the development of the framework on GitHub.
:::
